[hissing]
[gasp]
We're all gonna get crushed!
[hissing]
Do you still despise humans so
much, Garaga?
You're just letting' yourself
get used by humans!
[grunts and hissing]
Come on!
[quivering] Cho-Cho!
[hissing and grunts]
[flinching]
Not good!
You're not going anywhere!
[hissing and pained grunt]
Please, Lady Sarada, run!
But, Aoda...!
There's no chance I'm gonna run
away and leave things
unfinished!
Wind Style! Gale Palm!
Aggghhh! You brat!
Garaga, how dare you do that to
Cho-Cho! You're gonna pay for
that!
Huh?! What, you wanna be
turned to stone, too!?
Shut up! I'm gonna take your
Reverse Scale, and that's that!
Take my Reverse Scale?!
[grunt]
Fine, try it!
I'll send you straight to hell!
[gasps]
(BORUTO) You're not getting
away!
Wait!
Huh?!
Are you gonna go alone?!
[groan]
[sigh]
Hey, Aoda... why did Garaga
retreat all of a sudden like
that?
He didn't. That hole leads to
his feeding grounds.
He moved to a place where he has
the home advantage.
Oh, so that's it, huh...?
Ugh...And we were already in a
tough spot...
Come on, we have to go!
If we don't get his Reverse
Scale, Mitsuki can't-
(AODA) [pained groan]
[gasps]
[pained groans and
labored breaths]
This is all our fault. We can't
let you push yourself anymore.
Aoda, please just wait here.
(AODA) Lady Sarada...
please, listen.
Hm?
You must avoid Garaga's Reverse
Scale at all costs. Long
ago...
a giant snake from Ryuchi Cave
turned into stone just from
touching it.
Like those statues we saw...
On top of which, Garaga despises
humans. To attempt to steal it
is...
So he won't allow us any chances
to get it...
(BORUTO) We're wasting time.
We can't leave Mitsuki. Or
Cho-Cho.
Thanks for all your hard work.
Call me if something comes up.
Roger that!
[gasp]
Yurito. All this time, it was
you...?!
I thought if there was a
traitor, then they'd be sure to
go after the injured guard.
It seems that I was right!
[grunt and gasp]
Shikamaru told us to keep watch
over important areas in the
building.
But, why? Why do this?!
[chuckle]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[chattering]
Damn it. Boruto and the others
are in trouble, and we're
stuck here on patrol?!
C'mon! Just like I told you
earlier, security is important,
too.
Hey, look!
[heavy breathing]
What's going on, Yurito?
Udon, perfect timing!
The chunin that was injured at
the gate was just attacked in
his hospital room, moments ago.
You gotta get to the Hokage's
Office!
What cowardice! Attacking an
injured man?!
Yeah. I'll go notify the other
teams.
Just a minute.
It may be hard to believe, but I
possess a pretty keen nose.
Udon Sensei...?
You're in charge of security for
the medical department now.
So if someone staged an attack
there, then why would you ever
leave your post?
[gasps]
Oh... Right, about that...
[gasp]
[straining]
It'll be better for everyone if
you don't cause a commotion.
Were you involved in Mitsuki's
disappearance, too?!
We're right in the middle of the
Leaf. There's no escape.
Please, let's not do this, Udon.
Your subordinate's life is on
the line, here.
[straining and grunt]
[flinching]
[grunts]
You won't get away with this!
[grunts and heavy breathing]
[grunt] Making this hard,
huh...?
Something's not right...
[gasp]
Release!
[pained grunt]
I knew it. Genjutsu.
Huh? Where- Where am I?
Yurito, what happened to you?
[gasp] Udon? What's going on?
Oh, no! Everyone, back!
Hmph!
Huh?
[gasp and worried cries]
[gasps]
What the...?!
(IWABE) What is going on?!
Kaboom!
Detonation complete! And I bet
it made such a nice sound, too!
Good thing I laid a trap just in
case, huh?
It's hard to believe your
genjutsu was released!
It means they're not all fools
over there. In any case, my job
here is done.
I'm heading back
first to make a report.
Awww... it's so unfair!
We're running behind in our
plan. Enough talk.
Yeah, yeah...
Let's go.
It's so dark, I can hardly
see...
[hissing]
[gasp]
He vanished?!
It's just like Aoda said. Garaga
definitely has the advantage
here.
It's camouflage. He blends in
with the color of this cave.
That's why it looked like he
disappeared...
This whole situation is becoming
a real drag.
It's just a matter of time
before he finds us. We gotta
keep moving.
It's no good. How am I supposed
to see anything in the dark?!
We can't really make a move
unless we know where he is...
[gasp] Inojin, jump!
Huh?
[gasp]
What is going on? It's like
Garaga can see everything that
we're doing...
It means that even in the dark,
he has ways to find his prey
inside this cave.
This is bad...
[gasp]
Boruto!
[hissing and biting]
Uhhh....
[heavy breathing]
[trembling] That was scary!
Yeah! What a close call!
You could say thanks!
[chuckle] Thank you!
Seriously, thanks, Inojin!
You sure did draw that Super
Beast Scroll super-fast!
Nope! Wrong! Even I can't draw
anything that fast.
Wait a second, Inojin... What do
you mean?
You know the one I jumped off
before?
Well... It ended up being
unharmed.
[gasp]
Hmmm...
What? What are you thinking?
I think I might've found a
way to bring Garaga down.
Gotcha!
Huh? What the-?!
Ha! I knew it... Garaga reacts
to the movement of heat
signatures.
Heat signatures? What do you
mean by that?
I've heard of something like
that before, too.
So they're able to hunt in the
darkness, some snakes can sense
heat.
Yeah. Earlier, Garaga was able
to track us down, but not the
Super Beast Scroll.
[growling]
Oh, I get it! Because it's just
a drawing, it doesn't give off
any heat.
Which means if we can take
advantage of that...
[growling]
(SHIKADAI) This is his feeding
ground.
It won't make a difference if we
just do it once or twice...
[groans]
(SHIKADAI) But if we keep it up
over and over...
[growling] You brats!
[chuckle]
Rasengan!
Hm...?
Huh?
Aggghhh!
Do it now!
[grunt]
Did we...?
You bastards!
[determined grunts]
[grunt]
I can't hold him for long!
Okay!
[grunt]
[straining]
[gasp]
They've got some nerve coming
here to raid our territory!
This fortress must be protected
at all costs.
Make sure you're at the top of
your game, Garaga.
Who do you think you're
talking to?!
You're the one who'd better be
at the top of his game!
Yeah, of course!
Let's wrap up this mission with
a bold move!
Yeah, there's no way we're
gonna lose!
[pained grunt]
[grunts]
And take this, too!
[grunt] This place is gonna
fall! We've gotta retreat!
Not yet! I'm gonna take another
shot at finishing this! Back me
up!
[gasp]
There's no way they can beat us!
Let's go! Agh!
Why...?!
[gasp]
What was that?
(GARAGA) You persistent,
shameless brat...
[grunt]
...barging into my mind like
this!
Garaga! You mean, this is...
Why do you want my Reverse
Scale? Did you come here to kill
me, too?
Like him?
No! All I want is to find my
friend who left our village.
And for that, I need your
Reverse Scale...
You're such an
idiot!
Coming to a place
like this just for a
traitor?!
Mitsuki isn't a traitor, he's
my friend! You don't know
anything about it!
Huh?! Sure, I do! I know just
how deceitful you shinobi are!
Aoda told us all, about how much
you hate humans.
But still, long ago, even you--!
That was when I was young and
dumb. Like you are now.
Look, there's no denying that
the shinobi you had a contract
with was a terrible guy.
But it's also true that not all
shinobi are like him!
So you really are dumb, after
all.
What'd you say?!
The guy I entered into a
contract with may have been
deceitful, but he was smart.
Compared to him, you're
nothing at all.
When he abandoned me, do you
know the look he had in his
eyes?
Hm?
Well, I...
His eyes reflected his betrayal.
He had the cold and calculating
eyes of a shinobi...
I know the pain of losing
someone you trust. I've felt
that, too.
You know-it-all! You think you
understand, brat?!
Yeah! I lost Mitsuki!
Huh?! Don't make me laugh! You
only think you understand!
You may believe you know me and
this Mitsuki, but you don't!
You're right. I didn't
understand anything. Even now, I
don't...
But still-!
Let me explain... Trust is just
something you take advantage of.
[gasp]
This Mitsuki... He made you
trust him... and then waited for
the chance to betray you.
Just shut up! [quivered breath]
It's too bad... If I kill you
right now...
I won't be able to see you get
killed by this Mitsuki...
There's no way that's gonna
happen!
[gasp]
Hey! I can't hold him anymore!
I've made up my mind.
I won't take Garaga's Reverse
Scale.
[chuckle]
I'll do a Summoning Contract
with him!
[gasps]
Who do you think you are?!
Garaga, you just said you'd like
to see me get killed by Mitsuki,
right?
Yes, I'd love it!
Except what I'll show you
instead, is me bringing
Mitsuki back home!
Huh?!
Garaga... Look, you're just
afraid! Afraid of trusting
someone!
What did you say?!
Trust isn't something to take
advantage of! Trust means being
there to lend a hand anytime...
anywhere!
Quiet!
[gasp]
Ahhh!
What'll you do if you can't
bring Mitsuki back?
If that happens... then kill me!
[chuckling]
No way. What's up with Garaga?
Hey! What's so funny, huh?
Interesting... Okay, I'll play
along...
...until you bring back this
Mitsuki. And if you can't,
I'll just devour you then.
Fine by me!
Well, well. Did you bring
Garaga's Reverse Scale?
It's right here.
[chortle] Then show it to me!
Sure thing. Watch closely!
[chuckle]
You've got some gall, trying' to
get my Reverse Scale. I
ought-a eat you right now!
[chuckle]
For a human child... you're
really quite interesting...
You mean she was a giant
snake, too?!
Alright then, I shall reward
you!
[gasp]
Now, watch carefully...
And you shall witness the
thoughts that were left inside
Mitsuki's snake!
[nervous breath]
Wanna come with us to the Land
of Earth?
The answers that you're seeking
can be found there.
Wait.
Stop his heart, but just for a
little bit.
Let's get out of here now.
You see? What did I tell you? I
knew Mitsuki would become an
ally!
Enough idle chatter, Sekiei...
Let's go.
Now go to where Boruto is.
[cough]
[swallowing]
So Mitsuki asked that snake to
just stop the guard's heart
briefly.
And the enemy thought the guard
was dead, so they didn't bother
stabbing him.
So, then... he used that snake
to trick the enemy?
It seems so. But what exactly
does that mean?
It means Mitsuki saved the
guard's life.
I knew it!
It's true! So Mitsuki didn't
betray us at all, then!
Mhm!
All that's left now is to get
Mitsuki back!
I'm sorry. But I don't agree
with your reasoning.
What? Why not?
Maybe Mitsuki actually did save
that guard. But even then...
why would he leave with the
enemy in the first place?
But that's...
Until I verify what he meant by
his "will," I can't simply let
him go.
Well, in any event, at least now
we know where Mitsuki's headed.
The Land of Earth is one of the
Five Great Nations. So if the
perpetrators are from there...
then...
Back when our parents were still
young, it might've meant the
start of a war.
Wait, what? I mean seriously?
This situation is really that
bad?
[sighs]
Hey! What do you
want to do, huh?
I'm going, of course!
I want to see Mitsuki! And hear
what he has to say in person!
I hope that you understand...
if worse comes to worst, I'll
have to do everything in my
power to stop you.
I know. I'm counting on it.
(White Snake Sage) That kid! He
seems to be bound by a strange
destiny. Be wary young man.
One can not run away from one's
own destiny.
Wait for me, Mitsuki.
(Boruto) Looks like we made it
out of Ryuchi Cave safely.
(Shikadai) Yeah, but as things
stand, we won't be able to get
to Mitsuki...
before he crosses into the Land
of Earth.
That's why we need to update the
village on our situation.
(Boruto) How do we do that?
(Shikadai) We're gonna do it, by
breaking into two teams.
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Everyone's
Motives"
We have to let the village know
there's a chance Mitsuki's
innocent.